# Introduction
My name is Alan Manuel Loreto Cornídez, I was born in a border town known as Douglas, Arizona and moved to Tucson, Arizona when I was two years old. My mother does not speak english and my father only finished middle school. My hobbies include working on cars, playing electric guitar, and doing photography and videography. I grew up on the south side of Tucson, Arizona. While living conditions have slowly improved over the past few decades, it was never an environment where academic success was celebrated by your peers. The culture that I grew up with celebrates getting involved with gangs, listening to your reckless impulses, and shamelessly committing unwise mistakes with justification being that you only live once. The fact that this culture surrounds myself and my family is one of the reasons I continue to work hard. As the eldest of three siblings, I want to inspire my brother and sister to also escape a toxic and complacent environment. I have experienced varied hardships throughout my life and have not let them bring me down. I use my hardships as motivation to put all of my energy into everything that I do and to not be satisfied with myself unless I have done everything within my power. Whenever my intrinsic motivation falters, I recall my connections to my siblings, my parents, and my friends, all of whom want me to succeed, to push me through any rough patches that I may come across. There is a Mexican saying that I grew up with, “Donde sea, el perico es rojo.” No matter where it is, the parrot is red. I grew up in a neighborhood where I was laughed at for choosing to dedicate myself to academics, clubs, and hobbies in place of debauchery. However I know I am not defined by my circumstances, I define myself with my actions and the choices I have made have led me to study Electrical and Computer Engineering as an undergraduate and continue my studies in graduate school.


# Relevant Experience
During the spring semester of 2021 I started working with Dr. Jonathan Sprinkle in the Compositional Systems Lab. The main research conducted by his lab mostly pertained to utilizing autonomous vehichles to reduce traffic jams. However, as an undergraduate intern, I was placed in a role that focused in managing the data that was generated by the autonomous vehichles on the road. I was tasked with the goal of reducing the size of the video data base. I was able to write a python script that reduced video size by over 60%. While that is something that was very engaging to me, I discovered another passion in my work there. When I wrote the script that compressed the video database I had to make sure that all of the computing resources that were provided to me were being properly utilized. Through accomplishing this goal I discovered how to make multi-threaded scripts --that is, scripts that can run multiple tasks at once which reduced the time that the script took to run by more than 50x. After discovering the amount of speedup I could get by utilizing the benefits of scalar processing a fascination for high performance computing emerged. This leads to the summber of 2022 when I worked in Dr. Ali Akoglu's reconfigurable computing lab. During that summer I worked on optimizing mathematical calculations for different computer architectures where scalar processing, vector processing, and domain specific architectures were used. In addition to optimizing mathematical functions, I also worked on the Compiler Extensible Domain Specific Silicon on a Chip Runtime in Dr. Akoglu's lab. By working on this runtime environment, I was able to learn how multiple computer resources can be allocated during program runtime, as well as techniques that are present in current technologies to allow software focused programmers to focus on application development instead of hardware interaction.

# Research Interests


# Program and Faculty Match


# Conclusion



